In this quiz we're going to use
a famous data set called Iris.
Iris data set have many
measurements of different flowers.
For each flower we're going to
consider three different measurements.
The length of the width of the sepal and
the length of the width of the petal.
And we're also going to consider
the species of the flower.
There are three specific species,
Iris setosa, versicolor and virginica.
So the data frame has five columns,
four of them are numeric
having measurements of flower length and
width and
the last one Is a string holding
the name of the species.
You can find more information on
the data set by typing help Iris.
In this quiz, write the R commands
that will perform the listed tasks.